# Privacy Policy

Last updated: October 26, 2023

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when
You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use
of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following
definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- __Affiliate__ means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control"
  means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of
  directors or other managing authority.

- __Bot__ refers to FixTweetBot, the software program provided by the Company.


- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to FixTweetBot.


- __Country__ refers to:  France

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.


- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.


- __Service__ refers to the Bot.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to
  third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on
  behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the
  Service is used.


- __Third-party Social Media Service__ refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log
  in or create an account to use the Service.

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service
  infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).


- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which
  such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used
to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Usage Data

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Discord Personal Identification Number, Discord username, the 
servers in which the Bot is used, the time and date of Your Bot usage and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Discord sends whenever You use the Service.

### Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- __For other purposes__: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage
  trends, and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy
Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for
example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal
agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter
period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service,
or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where
the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and
maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the
data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that
transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with
this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there
are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

### Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and
visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to
request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to
do so.

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

#### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or
in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

#### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or
method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your
Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information
from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with
Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of
13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a
parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You
will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You
visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party
sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and
update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective
when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- Discord: [Kyrela](https://discord.com/users/300195856102195200)
- Github: [Kyrela](https://github.com/Kyrela)
- Twitter: [Kyre1a](https://twitter.com/Kyre1a)
